okay so we're gonna be harvesting some
snap peas today we've got about 20 20
foot row of snap peas and they're
growing really nicely we've already
picked probably ten plus quarts of snap
peas from this thing and I think we're
only about halfway through the season
harvesting snap peas are real easy it's
kind of fun you just kind of look
through and you really have to look
because they blend in you don't want to
get them when they're too big because
they lose some of their sweetness and
tenderness when they get big you can see
this one here is actually probably a
little too big but it'll still be fine
it's just I have to cook it a little
longer and this one looks maybe a little
small but it's actually this is a
perfect size for really tender snap peas
a lot of fun if you have young kids that
come out and pick snap peas but you can
see we've got a ton of snap peas on here
and like I said most of these are what's
these weren't here a week ago this is
the kind of the fun with snap peas is
once they start you really have to come
out every single day and harvest them
you can see this one actually I don't
know if you can tell this one started to
form the peas inside which you kind of
don't want that I'd like to pick them
before then so I just want to kind of
make sure you come out every day and and
pick them just where right when they're
about this size
so it came across these these two snap
peas that are really big they're about
almost twice as wide and a whole inch
longer than most of the snap peas we
found typically when they're this large
they start forming the the peas at this
point but these still kind of look like
they're they're in good shape to eat but
I just thought it was kind of
interesting because they tend not to get
this this big